Add note to restore API host (#7093)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/custom-proxy.md

   cdnSettings: {...} // object from https://cdn.segment.com/v1/projects/<YOUR_WRITE_KEY>/settings'
 })
```

> ## Restore the API Host to the Segment Default
> 
> If you wish to restore the proxied API host to it's original value, navigate to the Source >> Settings >> Analytis.js tab, and then scroll down until you see the Host address field. Under the field, there will be small blue text that says 'Restore to a default value'. Click 'Restore' and then the 'Save' button. Any changes made to the CDN host must be update manually in your code. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Restore the API host to the Segment default

If you wish to restore the proxied API host to it's original value:
1. Navigate to the **Source > Settings > Analytis.js tab**
2. Scroll down until you see the Host address field. 
3. Under the field, there is a small blue text that says 'Restore to a default value'. Click **Restore** and then **Save**. 

Any changes made to the CDN host must be update manually in your code. 
```
